Update AWS content to be more aligned with workshop content (#4091)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/get-started/aws/modify-program.md

aliases: ["/docs/quickstart/aws/modify-program/"]
---

> Now that your S3 Bucket is provisioned, let's add an object to your bucket. First let's create a new directory called `site`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that your S3 bucket is provisioned, let's add an object to it. First, create a new directory called `site`.
```

ETOOMANYLETSES. 😄 Seriously though, I think the occasional well-placed "let's" is fine, but too many starts to pull things back awkwardly back into "we" territory. You can generally lean on the imperative to keep things moving ("Modify the program" rather than "Let's modify", etc.) as it implies "you".

```bash
$ mkdir site
```

Next let's create an `index.html` file you will upload to your bucket.

{{< chooser os "macos,linux,windows" / >}}

{{% choosable os macos %}}

```bash
$ touch site/index.html
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable os linux %}}

```bash
$ touch site/index.html
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable os windows %}}

```bash
$ type nul > site/index.html
```

{{% /choosable %}}

Once you've created your `index.html` file, add some content to it:

```html
<html>
    <body>
        <h1>Hello, Pulumi!</h1>
    </body>
</html>
```

> Now that you have your new `index.html` with some content, let's modify your program to add the contents of your `index.html` file to your S3 Bucket. To accomplish this we will take advantage of your chosen programming language's native libraries to read the contents of your `index.html` and assign the contents as an input to your new `BucketObject`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have your new `index.html` with some content, let's modify your program to add the contents of your `index.html` file to your S3 bucket. To accomplish this, we will take advantage of your chosen programming language's native libraries to read the content of the file and assign it as an input to a new  `BucketObject`.
```

Since this is the first mention of a BucketObject, it's slightly disorienting to refer to it as "your new BucketObject" because it hasn't been introduced -- it's like, "What new BucketObject? Did I miss something?" Whereas if you say, "a new BucketObject", then it's like, "Ah, okay -- I guess that's a thing."

Next you will create a new bucket object on the lines right after creating the bucket itself.

```python
bucketObject = s3.BucketObject(
    'index.html',
    bucket=bucket,
    content=open('site/index.html').read(),
)
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable language go %}}

```go
import (
    "io/ioutil"
    // Existing imports...
)
```

Next you will create a new bucket object on the lines right after creating the bucket itself.

```go
htmlContent, err := ioutil.ReadFile("site/index.html")
if err != nil {
    return err
}

_, err = s3.NewBucketObject(ctx, "index.html", &s3.BucketObjectArgs{
    Bucket:  bucket.ID(),
    Content: pulumi.String(string(htmlContent)),
})
if err != nil {
    return err
}
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable language csharp %}}

```csharp
using System.IO;
```

Next you will create a new bucket object on the lines right after creating the bucket itself.

```csharp
var filePath = Path.GetFullPath("./site/index.html");
var hmtlString = File.ReadAllText(filePath);

var bucketObject = new BucketObject("index.html", new BucketObjectArgs
{
    Bucket = bucket.BucketName,
    Content = hmtlString,
});
```

{{% /choosable %}}

> Notice how you provide the bucket you created earlier as an input to your new `BucketObject`. This is so Pulumi knows what S3 Bucket the object should live in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice how you provide the bucket you created earlier as an input to your new `BucketObject`. This is so Pulumi knows what S3 bucket the object should live in.
```

aliases: ["/docs/quickstart/aws/modify-program/"]
---

Now that your S3 Bucket is provisioned, let's add an object to your bucket. First let's create a new directory called `site`.

```bash
$ mkdir site
```

Next let's create an `index.html` file you will upload to your bucket.

{{< chooser os "macos,linux,windows" / >}}

{{% choosable os macos %}}

```bash
$ touch site/index.html
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable os linux %}}

```bash
$ touch site/index.html
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable os windows %}}

```bash
$ type nul > site/index.html
```

{{% /choosable %}}

> Once you've created your `index.html` file, let's add some content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've created your `index.html` file, add some content to it:
```

```html
<html>
    <body>

>         <h1>Hello Pulumi</h1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <h1>Hello, Pulumi!</h1>
```

Just a smidge more fun. 😄

    </body>
</html>
```

> Now that you have your new `index.html` with some content, let's modify your program to upload the file to your S3 Bucket. To successfully upload the file you need to give Pulumi the absolute path to your file. We can easily accomplish this by taking advantage of libraries native to your programming language of choice.

Reviewer: Another minor linguistic nit, but I'd go with either "let's modify the program" or "modify your program", but not "let's modify your program", because "we" aren't modifying "my" program, I am. 

```suggestion
Now that you have your new `index.html` with some content, let's modify the program to upload the file to your S3 bucket. To successfully upload the file, you need to provide its absolute path. You can easily accomplish this by taking advantage of libraries native to your programming language of choice.
```

.. except that you don't actually have to provide an absolute path, here. You can just give it a relative one:

```
const bucketObject = new aws.s3.BucketObject("index.html", {
    bucket: bucket,
    source: new pulumi.asset.FileAsset("site/index.html"),
});
```

I love showing how easy it it to be able to reach for a library/helper, though.  You could get the same effect using `content` and `fs.readFileSync`:

```
import * as fs from "fs";
...
const bucketObject = new aws.s3.BucketObject("index.html", {
    bucket: bucket,
    content: fs.readFileSync("site/index.html").toString(),
});
```

Also, I wonder whether we should maybe be a bit more careful about using the word "upload" so many times, as it has an imperative ring to it. The code _looks_ like it uploads a file, and new users may read it and think that's what's happening, but of course it doesn't actually do that -- it declares that the file should exist, and this declarative/desired-state thing is something we want to make sure new users don't get the wrong idea about. Know what I mean?

{{% choosable language python %}}

```python
import os
```

Next you will create a new bucket object on the lines right after creating the bucket itself.

```python
filepath = os.path.abspath('site/index.html')

bucketObject = s3.BucketObject(
    'index.html',
    bucket=bucket,
    source=pulumi.FileAsset(filepath)
)
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable language go %}}

```go
import (
    "path/filepath"
    // Existing imports...
)
```

Next you will create a new bucket object on the lines right after creating the bucket itself.

```go
filePath, err := filepath.Abs("./site/index.html")

_, err = s3.NewBucketObject(ctx, "index.html", &s3.BucketObjectArgs{
    Bucket: bucket.ID(),
    Source: pulumi.NewFileAsset(filePath),
})
if err != nil {
    return err
}
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable language csharp %}}

```csharp
using System.IO;
```

Next you will create a new bucket object on the lines right after creating the bucket itself.

```csharp
var filePath = Path.GetFullPath("./site/index.html");

var bucketObject = new BucketObject("index.html", new BucketObjectArgs
{
    Bucket = bucket.BucketName,
    Source = new FileAsset(filePath),
});
```

{{% /choosable %}}

> Notice how you provide the bucket you created earlier as an input to your new `BucketObject`. This is so Pulumi knows what S3 Bucket the object should live in. You can learn more about Inputs and Outputs [here](/docs/intro/concepts/programming-model/#outputs).

Author: 👍
